README.md, before:

# tosho-mango

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://socialify.git.ci/noaione/tosho-mango/image?description=1&font=Rokkitt&forks=1&issues=1&language=1&name=1&owner=1&pulls=1&stargazers=1&theme=Dark">
  <img alt="tosho-mango Repository Info as Image" src="https://socialify.git.ci/noaione/tosho-mango/image?description=1&font=Rokkitt&forks=1&issues=1&language=1&name=1&owner=1&pulls=1&stargazers=1&theme=Light">
</picture>

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/noaione/tosho-mango/actions/workflows/ci.yml"><img src="https://github.com/noaione/tosho-mango/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg" alt="CI" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/noaione/tosho-mango/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/noaione/tosho-mango" alt="License: MIT" /></a><br />
  <img alt="Crates.io Version" src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/tosho">
  <a href="https://crates.io/crates/tosho"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/d/tosho?logo=rust" alt="Crates.io Total Downloads" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/noaione/tosho-mango/releases"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/noaione/tosho-mango/total?logo=github" alt="GitHub Total Downloads" /></a>
  <br /><br />
  <p>A simple downloader for some official mango.</p>
</div>

`tosho-mango` (or `tosho`) is a downloader but can also be considered an almost full-blown replacement for the app/web version, with the exception of currency purchase, as a simple CLI application.

All of the implementations started as a personal script that I used before I decided to rewrite it into a proper CLI app with the help of other people to figure out some parts that I had trouble with.

### But, why?
- I hate using the app.
- I want to have my own local copy for my self-hosted instance.
- And, I'm kinda burned out from doing a *certain* thing and hope someone else can handle it.

This is just a fun side project, and as a disclaimer, I'm not condoning anything that will get you into trouble and I'm not responsible if you got banned from the platform you're using.

## Installation

```
cargo install tosho
```

Or, with [`cargo-binstall`](https://github.com/cargo-bins/cargo-binstall):
```
cargo binstall tosho
```

Or, if you want to build manually:

**Requirements:**
- Rust 1.72+
- 64-bit devices (ARM64/aarch64 support might be experimental)
- Modern enough terminal (VT support)

You can get the binary by either compiling everything yourself by following these steps:
1. Clone the repository.
2. Run `cargo build --release --all`.
3. Execute `target/release/tosho` (or `target/release/tosho.exe` on Windows).

Alternatively, you can obtain the precompiled binary from:
- The **Stable** release in the **[Releases](https://github.com/noaione/tosho-mango/releases)** tab.
- The **Nightly** release from any latest successful commits: [Master CI](https://github.com/noaione/tosho-mango/actions/workflows/ci.yml?query=branch%3Amaster).

## Usage

Refer to each source's folder for information on authenticating each source with `tosho`.<br />
For a list of available commands, use the `--help` argument.

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/636303.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/636303)

## License

[MIT License](LICENSE)

## Acknowledgements

- `neckothy`, provided some help and info for KMKC.
- myself, created this from scratch

### Legacy Python Code

The codebase has been rewritten in Rust. You can find the original Python version in the [`legacy-snek`](https://github.com/noaione/tosho-mango/tree/legacy-snek) branch.

Commit message:

chore: add disclaimer on each crates

README.md, after:

# tosho-mango

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://socialify.git.ci/noaione/tosho-mango/image?description=1&font=Rokkitt&forks=1&issues=1&language=1&name=1&owner=1&pulls=1&stargazers=1&theme=Dark">
  <img alt="tosho-mango Repository Info as Image" src="https://socialify.git.ci/noaione/tosho-mango/image?description=1&font=Rokkitt&forks=1&issues=1&language=1&name=1&owner=1&pulls=1&stargazers=1&theme=Light">
</picture>

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/noaione/tosho-mango/actions/workflows/ci.yml"><img src="https://github.com/noaione/tosho-mango/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg" alt="CI" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/noaione/tosho-mango/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/noaione/tosho-mango" alt="License: MIT" /></a><br />
  <img alt="Crates.io Version" src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/tosho">
  <a href="https://crates.io/crates/tosho"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/d/tosho?logo=rust" alt="Crates.io Total Downloads" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/noaione/tosho-mango/releases"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/noaione/tosho-mango/total?logo=github" alt="GitHub Total Downloads" /></a>
  <br /><br />
  <p>A simple downloader for some official mango.</p>
</div>

`tosho-mango` (or `tosho`) is a downloader but can also be considered an almost full-blown replacement for the app/web version, with the exception of currency purchase, as a simple CLI application.

All of the implementations started as a personal script that I used before I decided to rewrite it into a proper CLI app with the help of other people to figure out some parts that I had trouble with.

### But, why?
- I hate using the app.
- I want to have my own local copy for my self-hosted instance.
- And, I'm kinda burned out from doing a *certain* thing and hope someone else can handle it.

This is just a fun side project, and as a disclaimer, I'm not condoning anything that will get you into trouble and I'm not responsible if you got banned from the platform you're using.

## Installation

```
cargo install tosho
```

Or, with [`cargo-binstall`](https://github.com/cargo-bins/cargo-binstall):
```
cargo binstall tosho
```

Or, if you want to build manually:

**Requirements:**
- Rust 1.72+
- 64-bit devices (ARM64/aarch64 support might be experimental)
- Modern enough terminal (VT support)

You can get the binary by either compiling everything yourself by following these steps:
1. Clone the repository.
2. Run `cargo build --release --all`.
3. Execute `target/release/tosho` (or `target/release/tosho.exe` on Windows).

Alternatively, you can obtain the precompiled binary from:
- The **Stable** release in the **[Releases](https://github.com/noaione/tosho-mango/releases)** tab.
- The **Nightly** release from any latest successful commits: [Master CI](https://github.com/noaione/tosho-mango/actions/workflows/ci.yml?query=branch%3Amaster).

## Usage

Refer to each source's folder for information on authenticating each source with `tosho`.<br />
For a list of available commands, use the `--help` argument.

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/636303.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/636303)

## License

[MIT License](LICENSE)

## Disclaimer

This project is designed as an experiment and to create a local copy for personal use.These tools will not circumvent any paywall, and you will need to purchase and own each chapter on each platform with your own account to be able to make your own local copy.

We're not responsible if your account got deactivated.

## Acknowledgements

- `neckothy`, provided some help and info for KMKC.
- myself, created this from scratch

### Legacy Python Code

The codebase has been rewritten in Rust. You can find the original Python version in the [`legacy-snek`](https://github.com/noaione/tosho-mango/tree/legacy-snek) branch.
